YeoJin: Hello!
YeoJin: I'm wearing this one-piece dress!
YeoJin: Actually I'm feeling very ashamed!
YeoJin: I'm going to run with HaSeul holding her hand~
YeoJin: However I have a feeling that the weather will be hot!
HaSeul: Yes~
HaSeul: There are a lot of grass!
HaSeul: I think I could get a cut on the finger by these grass!
(Filming HaSeul & YeoJin's scene has started with the big floor fan!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ - Hi High"
(They look very happy!)
(At the end of the way!)
(A manager is waiting for their safety!)
(YeoJin is lip syncing after the running scene is done)
(HaSeul mom is back!)
HaSeul: Yeah, today's filming is done~
HaSeul: You must be confused, right?
(YeoJin answered by the facial expression)
HaSeul: Did you have fun?
YeoJin: Yeah, it was fun!
HaSeul: See you at the next set for music video!
(You know that there are many episodes left, right?)
HaSeul & YeoJin: Bye~